Updating notices across docs (#4722)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt_project.yml.md

Every [dbt project](/docs/build/projects) needs a `dbt_project.yml` file — this is how dbt knows a directory is a dbt project. It also contains important information that tells dbt how to operate your project.

> dbt uses YAML in a few different places. If you're new to YAML, it would be worth taking the time to learn how arrays, dictionaries, and strings are represented.

Reviewer: Is there a link we can send people to for learning YAML?? I found these: https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/yaml-beginners or https://www.w3schools.io/file/yaml-introduction/

> dbt uses YAML in a few different places. If you're new to YAML, it would be worth taking the time to learn how arrays, dictionaries, and strings are represented.

Author: ```suggestion
dbt uses [YAML](https://yaml.org/) in a few different places. If you're new to YAML, it would be worth learning how arrays, dictionaries, and strings are represented.
```
